hi I'm Tom Chambers and this is my
dressing room and did you get it right
did any of you get it this also was this
was a special clue
my son struck and shoes from hobby city
for three years
Claire gave me these just before going
on to do the further stair quick step
and I had a pair and I lost one and she
didn't know I had any at all and she
just gave them to me in the night before
avoid some good luck but I said because
he's my icon the magic watch and so I
it's quite cool though it's cool little
gadget very well made very well made
Lulu just haven't quite got it engraved
in the date of our wedding probably so I
don't forget the anniversary 1910 oh
wait October that's it
19 October dinner where you are an issue